README.md, before:

# Zephyr project migration

## 1. Export Zephyr project.

The only way to retrieve the steps of each test case is to put all of them in a test cycle and to export that test cycle.
You can do it (bulk) by following these steps :

 1. Create a dedicated test cycle (called "All Tests" for example).

 ![new test cycle](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45686453/9afe54ce6ac75bbb21688f37/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+16.43.07.png)

 2. In the 'Search Test' section, create a search filter ('save as' button at the top of the page) named 'All tests' that only filter the issueType to 'Test':
 project=<projectId> AND issuetype=Test

 ![search tests section](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45686750/3a97f8186b4445cf6266c8b4/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+16.44.21.png)

 ![new search filter](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45687223/04593cbd710b0c9ff2df21fc/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+16.45.43.png)

 3. Press the 'All Tests' gear in the test cycle list, select "add tests", then enter the filter name 'All tests' in the 'search filter' pane. Validate.

 ![test cycle list](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45687596/b80b2fdef6c1ea7f1daf9a37/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+16.48.30.png)

 ![add tests bulk](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45687792/ead8a9b0f53d1f0ac8e2c02d/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+16.50.38.png)

 4. All your tests are now imported to the 'All Tests' test cycle. You should now be able to export the 'All Tests' test cycle from the 'Search test execution' page.

 ![search test executions](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45688034/083e87926f58f3c3c670d85f/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+16.52.39.png)

 ![select test cycle](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45688531/8c293bbc5817d5532640b55a/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+16.54.15.png)

 ![export test cycle](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45688639/a592178553a2912af84658f9/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+16.55.36.png)

Finally, to have all test informations (like description, etc), could you please try to export all zephyr tests from the 'Search Test' page:

![export search tests](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45689099/1d9fa06201754199006ffb3b/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+15.04.03.png)

## 2. Execute script

Migration script needs some variable to push exported project to Hiptest:

 1. HT_ACCESS_TOKEN, HT_CLIENT, HT_UID: can be found in your Hiptest profile page. Once you have them, export them in your shell session

 2. Hiptest can't create a project from API. You will have to create a project from Hiptest application then retrieve your project id in the URL : 'https://hiptest.net/app/projects/&lt;YOUR_PROJECT_ID&gt;/' and export it in the HT_PROJECT variable in your shell session.

Now you could launch the script with:
```shell
./migrate_zephyr.rb tests_export.xml test_cycle_export.xml
```

Commit message:

[ Parser ] Separate zephyr parser in a dedicated file Better options handling of migrate script

README.md, after:

# Zephyr project migration

## 1. Export Zephyr project.

The only way to retrieve the steps of each test case is to put all of them in a test cycle and to export that test cycle.
You can do it (bulk) by following these steps :

 1. Create a dedicated test cycle (called "All Tests" for example).

 ![new test cycle](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45686453/9afe54ce6ac75bbb21688f37/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+16.43.07.png)

 2. In the 'Search Test' section, create a search filter ('save as' button at the top of the page) named 'All tests' that only filter the issueType to 'Test':
 project=<projectId> AND issuetype=Test

 ![search tests section](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45686750/3a97f8186b4445cf6266c8b4/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+16.44.21.png)

 ![new search filter](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45687223/04593cbd710b0c9ff2df21fc/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+16.45.43.png)

 3. Press the 'All Tests' gear in the test cycle list, select "add tests", then enter the filter name 'All tests' in the 'search filter' pane. Validate.

 ![test cycle list](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45687596/b80b2fdef6c1ea7f1daf9a37/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+16.48.30.png)

 ![add tests bulk](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45687792/ead8a9b0f53d1f0ac8e2c02d/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+16.50.38.png)

 4. All your tests are now imported to the 'All Tests' test cycle. You should now be able to export the 'All Tests' test cycle from the 'Search test execution' page.

 ![search test executions](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45688034/083e87926f58f3c3c670d85f/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+16.52.39.png)

 ![select test cycle](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45688531/8c293bbc5817d5532640b55a/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+16.54.15.png)

 ![export test cycle](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45688639/a592178553a2912af84658f9/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+16.55.36.png)

Finally, to have all test informations (like description, etc), could you please try to export all zephyr tests from the 'Search Test' page:

![export search tests](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/45689099/1d9fa06201754199006ffb3b/Capture+d%E2%80%99e%CC%81cran+2018-01-17+a%CC%80+15.04.03.png)

## 2. Execute script

Migration script needs some variable to push exported project to Hiptest:

 1. HT_ACCESS_TOKEN, HT_CLIENT, HT_UID: can be found in your Hiptest profile page. Once you have them, export them in your shell session

 2. Hiptest can't create a project from API. You will have to create a project from Hiptest application then retrieve your project id in the URL : 'https://hiptest.net/app/projects/&lt;YOUR_PROJECT_ID&gt;/' and export it in the HT_PROJECT variable in your shell session.

Now you could launch the script with:
```shell
ruby migrate.rb --from=zephyr --info=<INFOS_FILE_PATH> --execution=<EXECUTIONS_FILE_PATH>
```

```shell
Usage: migrate.rb [options]
    -v, --verbose                    Display more informations
    -h, --help                       Display usage and options
    -f, --from=NAME                  Select source you want to import from (zephyr)
    -i, --info=INFOS_FILE            Zephyr informations file
    -e, --execution=EXECUTIONS_FILE  Zephyr executions file
    -t, --test_run=TEST_RUN_ID       Specify the test-run id if you want to push execution results
```
